v0.10.0 release (#74)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.10.0

* `nerves_hub_link_common 0.2.0`

> * Enhancements
>   * Report `device_api_version` in web connections
>   * Report `currently_downloading_uuid` when joining channel to aid
>     in resumable downloads
>   * Optional `NervesHubLink.Client.reboot/0` callback behavior

Reviewer: How about
Perhaps this?

```suggestion
* Enhancements
  * Report API version to NervesHub. While there's currently only one version of the Device API, this is anticipation that we may want to change it in the future.
  * On reconnect, notify NervesHub of firmware currently being downloaded so that NervesHub can differentiate failed firmware updates from network hiccups.
  * Allow devices to implement their own reboot logic by implementing the `NervesHubLink.Client.reboot/0` callback
```

* Fixes
  * Check `firmware_url` is valid before attempting update

>   * set default `fwup_devpath` in the config

Reviewer: I think I may have missed reviewing the `fwup_devpath` or didn't appreciate it. Setting a default is probably not a feature, since if it ever got used, it would mask a really serious issue.
